HPCSWPM-147: Security changes are documented in Release notes (#6197)
Cray-HPE/docs-csm: RELEASE_NOTES.md

* Spire node attestation can now be setup to use TPM chips on supported platforms, see [Enable TPM node attestation with Spire](operations/spire/Enable_TPM_node_attestation.md) for more information.
* The old version of the Spire server was removed to fully transition to the newer version of Spire.
* Updated all HMS services to point to latest upstream image and Go module dependencies.  This resolved all currently known point-in-time CVE issues in HMS services.

> * Pod Security Policies (PSP) have been removed and replaced by Pod Security Standards (PSS) Baseline practices in enforced mode using Kyverno policies.

Reviewer: @pradeepkumargl @yarlagadda-srinivasa-rao Is this meant to be one sentence? I am having trouble understanding it. "PSPs have been removed and replaced by PSSes Baseline practices in enforced mode using Kyverno policies". Is "PSS Baseline practices" a name of a technology? Googling it makes it seem like that is not the case. I feel like this is supposed to be two sentences, but I don't understand what they should be (or I'd fix this myself).

Author: Split into 2 sentences for more understandability.

>   For details and exceptions, refer to the [What is new in the HPE CSM 1.7 release and above](operations/kubernetes/Kyverno.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For details and exceptions, see [What is new in the HPE CSM 1.7 release and above](operations/kubernetes/Kyverno.md#what-is-new-in-the-hpe-csm-17-release-and-above).
```

> * Container image signature verification is enforced by Kyverno policies to enhance supply chain security, while the policy remains flexible to allow customers to use their own signed containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Container image signature verification is enforced by Kyverno policies to enhance supply chain security;
  the policy remains flexible to allow sites to use their own signed containers.
```

>   (Ex: adding keys, exclude certain resources etc). For details and exceptions, refer to the [What is new in the HPE CSM 1.7 release and above](operations/kubernetes/Kyverno.md)

Reviewer: I don't understand what those are examples of. But probably they can just be omitted, since you are referring them to another page for details anyway.
```suggestion
  For details and exceptions, see [What is new in the HPE CSM 1.7 release and above](operations/kubernetes/Kyverno.md#what-is-new-in-the-hpe-csm-17-release-and-above).
```

* Platform components are upgraded to address critical and high vulnerabilities.

> * Kyverno is upgraded from 1.10.7 version to 1.13.4 version to address CVEs and have additional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kyverno is upgraded from 1.10.7 version to 1.13.4 version because version 1.13.4 addresses CVEs and has additional features.
```

>   For details, refer to the [Changelog](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  For details, see the [Kyverno Changelog](https://github.com/kyverno/kyverno/blob/main/CHANGELOG.md)
```

* The old version of the Spire server was removed to fully transition to the newer version of Spire.
* Updated all HMS services to point to latest upstream image and Go module dependencies.  This resolved all currently known point-in-time CVE issues in HMS services.
* Pod Security Policies (PSP) have been removed and replaced by Pod Security Standards (PSS) Baseline practices in enforced mode using Kyverno policies.
  For details and exceptions, see [What is new in the HPE CSM 1.7 release and above](operations/kubernetes/Kyverno.md#what-is-new-in-the-hpe-csm-17-release-and-above).
* Container image signature verification is enforced by Kyverno policies to enhance supply chain security;
  the policy remains flexible to allow sites to use their own signed containers.
  For details and exceptions, see [What is new in the HPE CSM 1.7 release and above](operations/kubernetes/Kyverno.md#what-is-new-in-the-hpe-csm-17-release-and-above).
* Platform components are upgraded to address critical and high vulnerabilities.

> * Kyverno is upgraded from 1.10.7 version to 1.13.4 version because version 1.13.4 addresses CVEs and has additional features.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Kyverno version is upgraded from 1.10.7 to 1.13.4; version 1.13.4 addresses CVEs and has additional features.
```

### Documentation enhancements

> * Updated `Kyverno` documentation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Kyverno documentation.
```
